1. What is Emmet?

	Emmet is like an add-on to the text-editors,IDE like extensions which helps to write code faster (or) boost development. 
	With emmet the expression is converted into code by pressing single keystroke.

	For Example:
	In an empty html file, type "!" and hit enter it will create a boilerplate of html.


2. Difference between a Library and Framework?

	Library:
			=> Library is like building own home from the group-up. It can be designed, arranged, decorated and customized as needed.

			=> In library the developer can choose when and where to execute code.
	
			=> Eg:React

	Framework:
			=> Framework is like buying a home which is already built. It cannot be customized.

			=> In framework the code execution is done by framework.

			=> Eg:Angular


3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?

	A Content Delivery Network(CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers, which work together to provide a fast delivery of internet contents.
	
	* Improving website load time
	* Improving website security
	* Increasing content availability and redundancy
	* Reducing bandwidth cost


4. Why is React known as React?

	The name 'React' was chosen because the library is designed to allow developers to 'react' to state and data changes in an application. 
	And to update the user interface in an efficient and declarative manner.


5. What is crossorigin in script tag?

	The cross-origin attribute in script tag sets the mode of an request to the http cors request.
	The cross-origin request is a request for a resource like stylesheet,media from another/different domain.

	Example: abc.com ---> request helloworld.jgp from ---> xyz.com


6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?

	=> React is a javascript library used to build user interface.
	=> ReactDom is a javascript library which allows react to communicate with Dom.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
	
	# react.production.js - This files contains code which are minified and optimized for production ready usage.
	# react.development.js - This files contains code which are more readable and developer friendly for development usage.

8. What is async and defer?

	Both the async and defer are boolean attributes.

	--> Without async/defer - In this scenario when script tag is encountered, html parsing is stopped then scripts will fetched and executed,
					  once the execution of scripts overed then the html parsing is continued.

	--> With async		- In this scenario when script tag is encountered, html parsing is done along with script fetching,
					  once the script is fetched the html parsing is stopped then script is executed,
					  once the script is executed then the html parsing is continued.

					- It will not guarantee the order of execution of scripts so useful when referencing script like google analytics.

					- Not usefull when script is depend on each others.

	--> With defer		- In this scenario when script tag is encountered, html parsing is done along with script fetching and execution,
					  It will not stops the parsing of html.
					
					- It will guarantee the order of execution of scripts useful when the scripts are depend on each others
					

	
